# `ryvencore-qt` - overview

## modules

- `Design.py` manages the flow designs (themes, animations, performance mode etc.).
- `GlobalAttributes.py` stores some static information, currently just the package location after installation.
- The `GUIBase` is the base class for all frontend components and implements the `complete_data()` function to complete the data dicts from core components by adding all state defining data of frontend representations of those components. For example a `NodeItem` implements `complete_data()` to complete the data dict generated by its `Node` object and adds some fields like color, position in scene, display title etc.
- The `SessionThreadInterface` provides an abstraction to perform communication between the frontend thread (`FT`), and the core thread (`CT`), in case `FT != CT`. A frontend component can trigger method execution in `CT`  and get the method result in the same step by `SessionThreadInterface_Frontend.run()`. A backend component can do the same thing in the other direction by using the complementary `SessionThreadInterface_Backend.run()`. Notice that, as soon as there is a remote-capable JS-based frontend alternative, I will probably remove this from here, as threading compatibility strongly complicates the frontend here.
- `utils.py` includes some important functions that may be used in different places.

## packages

- `conv_gui` hosts some convenience GUI widget classes to quickly build a small editor with most basic features.
- `core_wrapper` contains the `ryvencore` wrapper, adding some Qt signals to API methods, etc. These reimplementations defined in `core_wrapper` are stored in the session's `CLASSES` dict.
- `flows` hosts all the GUI regarding flows and everything contained.
- `ryvencore` is the core/engine/backend, currently still part of this repository because its development is closely tied to `ryvencore-qt` at the moment, but using `import ryvencore_qt.ryvencore` you can use `ryvencore` directly without anything from `ryvencore-qt`.